Database URL Hosting and Overriding (#378)
LLNL/Surfactant: docs/settings.md

    - Include bindings/exports information for Mach-O files.
- include_signature_content
    - Include signature content for Mach-O files.

## sources

Surfactant supports overriding database source URLs via the sources section in the settings configuration file. Each option is of the form <category>.<library>, where <category> is a database category (e.g., js_library_patterns or native_library_patterns), and <library> is the specific database key. See the [databases](https://surfactant.readthedocs.io/en/latest/external_databases.html) section for more information about the hosted list of database patterns. Note that this section is to override specific urls in the hosted list.

- sources.<category>.<library>

>     - erride the URL for the specified database at runtime. Values set via surfactant config take precedence over entries in docs/database_sources.toml and hard-coded defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Override the URL for the specified database at runtime. Values set via surfactant config take precedence over entries in `database_sources.toml` and hard-coded defaults.
```
